docs/context-menu.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 4
title: Context Menu
description: Learn how to use the bot more effectively through Discord's context menu.
---
import ViewVoters from '@site/src/components/Embeds/ViewVoters';
import SuggestionEmbedMessage from '@site/src/components/Messages/SuggestionEmbedMessage';
import ErrorEmbed from '@site/src/components/Embeds/ErrorEmbed';

We use the context menu every time we use Discord. Whether it's to delete a message, add a reaction or perform a moderation action, it's a go-to way of using Discord.

Fortunately, the Suggestions bot does not fall short regarding leveraging the context menu. You're able to perform different actions, such as seeing who upvoted a suggestion or simply approving a suggestion via right-clicking (or long holding) on suggestions.

On this page, we'll let you know what each command in the context menu does. These are message commands as you invoke them by right-clicking on a message.

## Usage
To invoke a message command via the context menu, simply right click or long press the suggestion message. If you go to the "Apps" option, you'll see the following commands:

- [Approve suggestion](#approve-suggestion)
- [Reject suggestion](#reject-suggestion)
- [View down voters](#view-down-voters)
- [View up voters](#view-up-voters)
- [View voters](#view-voters)

You will need the `Send Messages` permission in the channel you're doing this in. Otherwise, the "Apps" sub-menu will not display.

## Approve Suggestion
This is a shortcut to using the [`/approve`](managing-suggestions.mdx#approving-suggestions) command.

The bot will throw an error if the suggestion does not exist on the message.

<ErrorEmbed
  title="Command failed"
  description="This message does not look like a suggestions message."
  code={5}
  command={{
    name: 'Approve suggestion'
  }}
/>

## Reject Suggestion
This is a shortcut to using the [`/reject`](managing-suggestions.mdx#rejecting-suggestions) command.

The bot will throw an error if the suggestion does not exist on the target message.

<ErrorEmbed
  title="Command failed"
  description="This message does not look like a suggestions message."
  code={5}
  command={{
    name: 'Reject suggestion'
  }}
/>

## View up voters
This command will return a message displaying all the up voters on a suggestion.

<SuggestionEmbedMessage
  embed={<ViewVoters filter="upvoters" />}
  message={{
    command: {
      name: 'View up voters'
    },
    ephemeral: true
  }}
  ephemeral
/>

## View down voters
This command will return a message displaying all the down voters on a suggestion.

<SuggestionEmbedMessage
  embed={<ViewVoters filter="downvoters" />}
  message={{
    command: {
      name: 'View down voters'
    },
    ephemeral: true
  }}
  ephemeral
/>

## View voters
This command will return a message displaying all voters on a suggestion.

<SuggestionEmbedMessage
  embed={<ViewVoters filter="all" />}
  message={{
    command: {
      name: 'View voters'
    },
    ephemeral: true
  }}
  ephemeral
/>

Commit message:

:memo: Better document disclaimer regarding message commands

docs/context-menu.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 4
title: Context Menu
description: Learn how to use the bot more effectively through Discord's context menu.
---
import ViewVoters from '@site/src/components/Embeds/ViewVoters';
import SuggestionEmbedMessage from '@site/src/components/Messages/SuggestionEmbedMessage';
import ErrorEmbed from '@site/src/components/Embeds/ErrorEmbed';

We use the context menu every time we use Discord. Whether it's to delete a message, add a reaction or perform a moderation action, it's a go-to way of using Discord.

Fortunately, the Suggestions bot does not fall short regarding leveraging the context menu. You're able to perform different actions, such as seeing who upvoted a suggestion or simply approving a suggestion via right-clicking (or long holding) on suggestions.

On this page, we'll let you know what each command in the context menu does. These are message commands as you invoke them by right-clicking on a message.

## Usage
To invoke a message command via the context menu, simply right click or long press the suggestion message. If you go to the "Apps" option, you'll see the following commands:

- [Approve suggestion](#approve-suggestion)
- [Reject suggestion](#reject-suggestion)
- [View down voters](#view-down-voters)
- [View up voters](#view-up-voters)
- [View voters](#view-voters)

You will need the `Send Messages` permission in the channel you're doing this in. Otherwise, the "Apps" sub-menu will not display. We are currently looking into alternative options such as slash commands to easily display this information (aside from the `approve` and `reject` commands).

## Approve Suggestion
This is a shortcut to using the [`/approve`](managing-suggestions.mdx#approving-suggestions) command.

The bot will throw an error if the suggestion does not exist on the message.

<ErrorEmbed
  title="Command failed"
  description="This message does not look like a suggestions message."
  code={5}
  command={{
    name: 'Approve suggestion'
  }}
/>

## Reject Suggestion
This is a shortcut to using the [`/reject`](managing-suggestions.mdx#rejecting-suggestions) command.

The bot will throw an error if the suggestion does not exist on the target message.

<ErrorEmbed
  title="Command failed"
  description="This message does not look like a suggestions message."
  code={5}
  command={{
    name: 'Reject suggestion'
  }}
/>

## View up voters
This command will return a message displaying all the up voters on a suggestion.

<SuggestionEmbedMessage
  embed={<ViewVoters filter="upvoters" />}
  message={{
    command: {
      name: 'View up voters'
    },
    ephemeral: true
  }}
  ephemeral
/>

## View down voters
This command will return a message displaying all the down voters on a suggestion.

<SuggestionEmbedMessage
  embed={<ViewVoters filter="downvoters" />}
  message={{
    command: {
      name: 'View down voters'
    },
    ephemeral: true
  }}
  ephemeral
/>

## View voters
This command will return a message displaying all voters on a suggestion.

<SuggestionEmbedMessage
  embed={<ViewVoters filter="all" />}
  message={{
    command: {
      name: 'View voters'
    },
    ephemeral: true
  }}
  ephemeral
/>
