docs/errors.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 7
title: Error Codes
description: Find more information on various error codes the bot can provide and what to do about it.
---
import ErrorEmbed from '@site/src/components/Embeds/ErrorEmbed';
import { DiscordInlineCode } from '@skyra/discord-components-react';

## Table

| Code | Name                                             | Guide                                                     |
|------|--------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| 1    | SUGGESTION_MESSAGE_DELETED                       | [click](#suggestion-message-deleted)                      |
| 2    | MISSING_PERMISSIONS                              | [click](#missing-permissions)                             |
| 3    | MISSING_SUGGESTIONS_CHANNEL                      | [click](#missing-suggestions-channel)                     |
| 4    | MISSING_LOG_CHANNEL                              | [click](#missing-log-channel)                             |
| 5    | SUGGESTION_NOT_FOUND                             | [click](#suggestion-not-found)                            |
| 6    | OWNER_ONLY                                       | [click](#owner-only)                                      |
| 7    | SUGGESTION_CONTENT_TOO_LONG                      | [click](#suggestion-content-too-long)                     |
| 8    | INVALID_GUILD_CONFIG_CHOICE                      | [click](#invalid-guild-config-choice)                     |
| 9    | COMMAND_ON_COOLDOWN                              | [click](#command-on-cooldown)                             |
| 10   | GENERIC_FORBIDDEN                                | [click](#generic-forbidden)                               |
| 11   | UNHANDLED_ERROR                                  | [click](#unhandled-error)                                 |
| 12   | GENERIC_NOT_FOUND                                | [click](#generic-not-found)                               |
| 13   | CONFIGURED_CHANNEL_NO_LONGER_EXISTS              | [click](#configured-channel-no-longer-exists)             |
| 14   | MISSING_FETCH_PERMISSIONS_IN_SUGGESTIONS_CHANNEL | [click](#missing-permissions-in-suggestions-channel)      |
| 15   | MISSING_FETCH_PERMISSIONS_IN_LOGS_CHANNEL        | [click](#missing-permissions-in-logs-channel)             |
| 16   | MISSING_TRANSLATION                              | [click](#missing-translation)                             |
| 17   | SUGGESTION_RESOLUTION_ERROR                      | [click](#suggestion-resolution-error)                     |
| 18   | MISSING_SEND_PERMISSIONS_IN_SUGGESTION_CHANNEL   | [click](#missing-send-permissions-in-suggestions-channel) |
| 19   | MISSING_THREAD_CREATE_PERMISSIONS                | [click](#missing-thread-create-permissions)               |
| 20   | QUEUE_IMBALANCE                                  | [click](#queue-imbalance)                                 |
| 21   | MISSING_QUEUE_CHANNEL                            | [click](#missing-queue-channel)                                 |

## Error Information

### Suggestion Message Deleted

This error is thrown when attempting to manage a suggestion which its corresponding message has been deleted.
<ErrorEmbed title="Command failed" description="Looks like this suggestion was deleted." code={1} />

### Missing Permissions

This error is thrown when the bot is missing permissions to perform an action, and it knows what permissions are missing.

The required permissions will be displayed in the error message.
<ErrorEmbed
  title="Missing Permissions"
  description={
    <>
      I need the following permissions in order to run this command.
      <br /><br />
      Missing permissions edit suggestions in your suggestions channel
      <br /><br />
      Please contact an administrator and ask them to provide them for me.
    </>
  }
  code={2} />

### Missing Suggestions Channel

This error is thrown when attempting to run a command which requires a configured suggestions channel, but one does not exist.
<ErrorEmbed
  title="Missing Suggestions Channel"
  description={
    <>
      This command requires a suggestion channel to use.
      <br /><br />
      Please contact an administrator and ask them to set one up using the
      following command.
      <br /><br />
      <DiscordInlineCode>/config channel</DiscordInlineCode>
    </>
  }
  code={3} />

### Missing Log Channel

This error is thrown when attempting to run a command which requires a configured suggestions log channel, but one does not exist.
<ErrorEmbed
  title="Missing Suggestions Channel"
  description={
    <>
      This command requires a log channel to use.
      <br /><br />
      Please contact an administrator and ask them to set one up using the following command.
      <br /><br />
      <DiscordInlineCode>/config logs</DiscordInlineCode>
    </>
  }
  code={4} />

### Suggestion Not Found

This error is thrown when the bot is unable to find a suggestion with the given ID.
<ErrorEmbed title="Command failed" description="No suggestion exists  with this id." code={5} />

### Owner Only

This error is thrown when attempting to run a command which is only available to the bot owners.
<ErrorEmbed title="Command failed" description="You do not have permission to run this command." code={6} />

### Suggestion Content Too Long

This error is thrown when the bot is unable to submit a suggestion with a content length greater than the configured maximum length of 1,000 characters.
<ErrorEmbed title="Command failed" description="Your suggestion content was too long, please limit it to 1000 characters or less." code={7} />

### Invalid Guild Config Choice

This error is thrown when trying to view an invalid configuration choice.
<ErrorEmbed title="Command failed" description="The provided guild config choice doesn't exist." code={8} />

### Command On Cooldown

This error is thrown when the bot is on cooldown for a command.
<ErrorEmbed title="Command on Cooldown" description="Ahh man so fast! You must wait 3 seconds to run this command again" code={9} />

### Generic Forbidden

This error is thrown as a generic response when the bot is forbidden from performing an action, and it cannot figure out what permissions are missing.
<ErrorEmbed
  title="Unknown message"
  description={
    <>
      Looks like something went wrong.
      Please make sure I have all the correct permissions in your configured channels.
    </>
  }
  code={10} />

### Unhandled Error

This error is thrown when the bot is unable to handle an error. Please reach out to support if you see this message.
<ErrorEmbed
  title="Something went wrong"
  description={
    <>
      Please contact support.
      <br /><br />
      Guild ID: 601219766258106399
    </>
  }
  code={11} />

### Generic Not Found

This error is thrown as a generic response when the bot is unable to find an item.
<ErrorEmbed
  title="Command failed"
  description={
    <>
      I've failed to find something, please retry whatever you were doing.
      <br /><br />
      If this error persists, please contact support.
      <br /><br />
      Guild ID: 601219766258106399
    </>
  }
  code={12} />

### Configured Channel No Longer Exists

This error is thrown when either the suggestions channel or suggestions logs channel can no longer be found. The error is displayed interchangeably.
<ErrorEmbed
  title="Configuration Error"
  description={
    <>
      I cannot find your configured channel for this command.
      <br /><br />
      Please ask an administrator to reconfigure one.
    </>
  }
  code={13} />

### Missing Permissions In Suggestions Channel

This error is thrown when the bot doesn't have permissions to use the configured suggestions channel.
<ErrorEmbed title="Configuration Error" description="I do not have permission to use your guilds configured suggestions channel." code={14} />

### Missing Permissions In Logs Channel

This error is thrown when the bot doesn't have permissions to use the configured suggestions logs channel.
<ErrorEmbed title="Configuration Error" description="I do not have permission to use your guilds configured logs channel." code={15} />

### Missing Translation

This error is thrown when attempting to translate a nonexistent localization key.
<ErrorEmbed
  title="Something went wrong"
  description={
    <>
      Please contact support.
      <br /><br />
      Guild ID: 601219766258106399
    </>
  }
  code={16} />

### Suggestion Resolution Error

This error is thrown when something goes wrong while attempting to either approve or reject a suggestion.
<ErrorEmbed
  title="Something went wrong"
  description={
    <>
      Please contact support.
    </>
  }
  code={17} />


### Missing send permissions in suggestions channel

This error is thrown when the bot is missing permissions to send messages in your suggestions channel.
<ErrorEmbed title="Configuration Error" description="I do not have permission to send messages in your guilds suggestion channel." code={18} />


### Missing thread create permissions

This error is thrown when the bot cannot create threads in your suggestions channel.
<ErrorEmbed
    title="Missing permissions"
    description={
      <>
        I am unable to create threads in your suggestions channel, please contact an administrator and ask them to give me 'Create Public Threads' permissions.
        <br/><br/>
        Alternatively, ask your administrator to disable automatic thread creation using <DiscordInlineCode>/config thread disable</DiscordInlineCode>
      </>
    }
    code={19} />

### Queue Imbalance

This error is thrown when you attempt to use a suggestion in a queue which has already been used
in a separate queue.

<ErrorEmbed
    title="Queue Imbalance"
    description={
      <>
          This suggestion has already been handled in another queue.
      </>
    }
    code={20} />

### Missing Queue Channel

This error is thrown when attempting to run a command which requires a configured
suggestions queue channel, but one does not exist.
<ErrorEmbed
    title="Missing Queue Channel"
    description={
        <>
            This command requires a queue channel to use.
            <br /><br />
            Please contact an administrator and ask them to set one up using the following command.
            <br /><br />
            <DiscordInlineCode>/config queue_channel</DiscordInlineCode>
        </>
    }
    code={21} />

Commit message:

feat: add blocklisted_user error

docs/errors.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 7
title: Error Codes
description: Find more information on various error codes the bot can provide and what to do about it.
---
import ErrorEmbed from '@site/src/components/Embeds/ErrorEmbed';
import { DiscordInlineCode } from '@skyra/discord-components-react';

## Table

| Code | Name                                             | Guide                                                     |
|------|--------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| 1    | SUGGESTION_MESSAGE_DELETED                       | [click](#suggestion-message-deleted)                      |
| 2    | MISSING_PERMISSIONS                              | [click](#missing-permissions)                             |
| 3    | MISSING_SUGGESTIONS_CHANNEL                      | [click](#missing-suggestions-channel)                     |
| 4    | MISSING_LOG_CHANNEL                              | [click](#missing-log-channel)                             |
| 5    | SUGGESTION_NOT_FOUND                             | [click](#suggestion-not-found)                            |
| 6    | OWNER_ONLY                                       | [click](#owner-only)                                      |
| 7    | SUGGESTION_CONTENT_TOO_LONG                      | [click](#suggestion-content-too-long)                     |
| 8    | INVALID_GUILD_CONFIG_CHOICE                      | [click](#invalid-guild-config-choice)                     |
| 9    | COMMAND_ON_COOLDOWN                              | [click](#command-on-cooldown)                             |
| 10   | GENERIC_FORBIDDEN                                | [click](#generic-forbidden)                               |
| 11   | UNHANDLED_ERROR                                  | [click](#unhandled-error)                                 |
| 12   | GENERIC_NOT_FOUND                                | [click](#generic-not-found)                               |
| 13   | CONFIGURED_CHANNEL_NO_LONGER_EXISTS              | [click](#configured-channel-no-longer-exists)             |
| 14   | MISSING_FETCH_PERMISSIONS_IN_SUGGESTIONS_CHANNEL | [click](#missing-permissions-in-suggestions-channel)      |
| 15   | MISSING_FETCH_PERMISSIONS_IN_LOGS_CHANNEL        | [click](#missing-permissions-in-logs-channel)             |
| 16   | MISSING_TRANSLATION                              | [click](#missing-translation)                             |
| 17   | SUGGESTION_RESOLUTION_ERROR                      | [click](#suggestion-resolution-error)                     |
| 18   | MISSING_SEND_PERMISSIONS_IN_SUGGESTION_CHANNEL   | [click](#missing-send-permissions-in-suggestions-channel) |
| 19   | MISSING_THREAD_CREATE_PERMISSIONS                | [click](#missing-thread-create-permissions)               |
| 20   | QUEUE_IMBALANCE                                  | [click](#queue-imbalance)                                 |
| 21   | MISSING_QUEUE_CHANNEL                            | [click](#missing-queue-channel)                           |
| 22   | BLOCKLISTED_USER                                 | [click](#blocklisted-user)                                |

## Error Information

### Suggestion Message Deleted

This error is thrown when attempting to manage a suggestion which its corresponding message has been deleted.
<ErrorEmbed title="Command failed" description="Looks like this suggestion was deleted." code={1} />

### Missing Permissions

This error is thrown when the bot is missing permissions to perform an action, and it knows what permissions are missing.

The required permissions will be displayed in the error message.
<ErrorEmbed
  title="Missing Permissions"
  description={
    <>
      I need the following permissions in order to run this command.
      <br /><br />
      Missing permissions edit suggestions in your suggestions channel
      <br /><br />
      Please contact an administrator and ask them to provide them for me.
    </>
  }
  code={2} />

### Missing Suggestions Channel

This error is thrown when attempting to run a command which requires a configured suggestions channel, but one does not exist.
<ErrorEmbed
  title="Missing Suggestions Channel"
  description={
    <>
      This command requires a suggestion channel to use.
      <br /><br />
      Please contact an administrator and ask them to set one up using the
      following command.
      <br /><br />
      <DiscordInlineCode>/config channel</DiscordInlineCode>
    </>
  }
  code={3} />

### Missing Log Channel

This error is thrown when attempting to run a command which requires a configured suggestions log channel, but one does not exist.
<ErrorEmbed
  title="Missing Suggestions Channel"
  description={
    <>
      This command requires a log channel to use.
      <br /><br />
      Please contact an administrator and ask them to set one up using the following command.
      <br /><br />
      <DiscordInlineCode>/config logs</DiscordInlineCode>
    </>
  }
  code={4} />

### Suggestion Not Found

This error is thrown when the bot is unable to find a suggestion with the given ID.
<ErrorEmbed title="Command failed" description="No suggestion exists  with this id." code={5} />

### Owner Only

This error is thrown when attempting to run a command which is only available to the bot owners.
<ErrorEmbed title="Command failed" description="You do not have permission to run this command." code={6} />

### Suggestion Content Too Long

This error is thrown when the bot is unable to submit a suggestion with a content length greater than the configured maximum length of 1,000 characters.
<ErrorEmbed title="Command failed" description="Your suggestion content was too long, please limit it to 1000 characters or less." code={7} />

### Invalid Guild Config Choice

This error is thrown when trying to view an invalid configuration choice.
<ErrorEmbed title="Command failed" description="The provided guild config choice doesn't exist." code={8} />

### Command On Cooldown

This error is thrown when the bot is on cooldown for a command.
<ErrorEmbed title="Command on Cooldown" description="Ahh man so fast! You must wait 3 seconds to run this command again" code={9} />

### Generic Forbidden

This error is thrown as a generic response when the bot is forbidden from performing an action, and it cannot figure out what permissions are missing.
<ErrorEmbed
  title="Unknown message"
  description={
    <>
      Looks like something went wrong.
      Please make sure I have all the correct permissions in your configured channels.
    </>
  }
  code={10} />

### Unhandled Error

This error is thrown when the bot is unable to handle an error. Please reach out to support if you see this message.
<ErrorEmbed
  title="Something went wrong"
  description={
    <>
      Please contact support.
      <br /><br />
      Guild ID: 601219766258106399
    </>
  }
  code={11} />

### Generic Not Found

This error is thrown as a generic response when the bot is unable to find an item.
<ErrorEmbed
  title="Command failed"
  description={
    <>
      I've failed to find something, please retry whatever you were doing.
      <br /><br />
      If this error persists, please contact support.
      <br /><br />
      Guild ID: 601219766258106399
    </>
  }
  code={12} />

### Configured Channel No Longer Exists

This error is thrown when either the suggestions channel or suggestions logs channel can no longer be found. The error is displayed interchangeably.
<ErrorEmbed
  title="Configuration Error"
  description={
    <>
      I cannot find your configured channel for this command.
      <br /><br />
      Please ask an administrator to reconfigure one.
    </>
  }
  code={13} />

### Missing Permissions In Suggestions Channel

This error is thrown when the bot doesn't have permissions to use the configured suggestions channel.
<ErrorEmbed title="Configuration Error" description="I do not have permission to use your guilds configured suggestions channel." code={14} />

### Missing Permissions In Logs Channel

This error is thrown when the bot doesn't have permissions to use the configured suggestions logs channel.
<ErrorEmbed title="Configuration Error" description="I do not have permission to use your guilds configured logs channel." code={15} />

### Missing Translation

This error is thrown when attempting to translate a nonexistent localization key.
<ErrorEmbed
  title="Something went wrong"
  description={
    <>
      Please contact support.
      <br /><br />
      Guild ID: 601219766258106399
    </>
  }
  code={16} />

### Suggestion Resolution Error

This error is thrown when something goes wrong while attempting to either approve or reject a suggestion.
<ErrorEmbed
  title="Something went wrong"
  description={
    <>
      Please contact support.
    </>
  }
  code={17} />


### Missing send permissions in suggestions channel

This error is thrown when the bot is missing permissions to send messages in your suggestions channel.
<ErrorEmbed title="Configuration Error" description="I do not have permission to send messages in your guilds suggestion channel." code={18} />


### Missing thread create permissions

This error is thrown when the bot cannot create threads in your suggestions channel.
<ErrorEmbed
    title="Missing permissions"
    description={
      <>
        I am unable to create threads in your suggestions channel, please contact an administrator and ask them to give me 'Create Public Threads' permissions.
        <br/><br/>
        Alternatively, ask your administrator to disable automatic thread creation using <DiscordInlineCode>/config thread disable</DiscordInlineCode>
      </>
    }
    code={19} />

### Queue Imbalance

This error is thrown when you attempt to use a suggestion in a queue which has already been used
in a separate queue.

<ErrorEmbed
    title="Queue Imbalance"
    description={
      <>
          This suggestion has already been handled in another queue.
      </>
    }
    code={20} />

### Missing Queue Channel

This error is thrown when attempting to run a command which requires a configured
suggestions queue channel, but one does not exist.
<ErrorEmbed
    title="Missing Queue Channel"
    description={
        <>
            This command requires a queue channel to use.
            <br /><br />
            Please contact an administrator and ask them to set one up using the following command.
            <br /><br />
            <DiscordInlineCode>/config queue_channel</DiscordInlineCode>
        </>
    }
    code={21} />

### Blockedlisted User

This error is thrown when attempting to run an action such as suggest
but you have been blocked by an administrator within the guild.
<ErrorEmbed
    title="Blocked Action"
    description={
        <>
            Administrators from this guild have removed your ability to run this action.
        </>
    }
    code={22} />
