docs/managing-suggestions.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 4
title: Managing Suggestions
description: Use the easy but powerful suggestion management to stay organized in your Discord.
---
import SuggestionEmbedMessage from '@site/src/components/Messages/SuggestionEmbedMessage';
import PendingSuggestion from '@site/src/components/Embeds/PendingSuggestion';
import SuggestionConfirmation from '@site/src/components/Embeds/SuggestionConfirmation';
import SuggestionStatusEmbed from '@site/src/components/Embeds/SuggestionStatusEmbed';

## Key
| Key                 | Description                                            |
|---------------------|--------------------------------------------------------|
| `< >`               | Required                                               |
| `[ ]`               | Optional                                               |

**Note:** The above placeholders are _not_ required. They are simply to show you what the required fields are. The bot will tell you what fields are required.

`|` = Means "or"
`administrator` = A user with the **Manage Server** permission

Managing suggestions is simple. Each suggestion is assigned a **Suggestion ID** \(sID\). From there, staff members can either approve, reject, or add a note to a suggestion with the sID. The sID is located in the footer of each suggestion:

<SuggestionEmbedMessage
  embed={<PendingSuggestion />}
  message={{
    buttons: true
  }}
/>

You can also find the sID in the message the bot sends after you send a suggestion.

<SuggestionEmbedMessage
  embed={<SuggestionConfirmation status="pending" />}
/>

Alternatively, you can use the message ID of the suggestion message to manage a suggestion, especially if you're using the bot on mobile. Click [here](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/206346498-Where-can-I-find-my-User-Server-Message-ID-) to check out a tutorial on how to find a message ID.

However, you won't have to worry too much about trying to remember IDs. The bot will autocomplete the suggestion ID as you type it out!

## Slash Command Permissions

If you haven't already done so, please refer to the [Getting Started](intro.md#setting-up-the-bot) section to set up slash command permissions. By default, only administrators can manage suggestions. However, if you want other staff members to have access to these commands, please refer to the aforementioned section.

## DM Responses

DM responses are sent to the suggestion submitter based on various actions. DM responses may be toggled by running `/config dm <enable/disable>`. This means DMs to the suggestion submitter will or won't be sent via these actions based on how you configure the bot for your server:

- suggestion submitted
- suggestion approved
- suggestion rejected
- suggestion note added

By default, DM responses are enabled. This can be configured by an administrator.

Users can also individually choose if they wish to receive DM responses. This can be configured by running `/dm <enable|disable>`. This will override the server-wide setting unless the server has disabled DM responses.

## Approving Suggestions

Suggestions are approved via either the sID or message ID. Once you have it, run the command `/approve <sID|message ID>`. Afterward, series of actions will happen:

- The suggestion will update as "Approved" in the suggestions channel and its results will be logged.
- The user will receive a DM that you approved their suggestion.
- The results of that suggestion will be posted to the suggestion logs channel.
- _An optional response can be added by running_ `/approve <sID|message ID> [response]`.

<SuggestionEmbedMessage
  embed={<SuggestionStatusEmbed status="approved" />}
/>

An optional response may also be left on suggestions when approving:

<SuggestionEmbedMessage
  embed={<SuggestionStatusEmbed status="approved" response />}
/>

If you enabled DM responses and the user has enabled them, they will receive a DM that their suggestion has been approved.

<SuggestionEmbedMessage
  embed={<SuggestionConfirmation status="approved" />}
/>

It seems like a lot, doesn't it? It really isn't, because it all happens in the matter of seconds!

## Rejecting Suggestions

Rejecting suggestions work the same way as approving suggestions. Once you run the command `/reject <sID|message ID> [response]`, the same series of actions will happen as stated above, but information of the suggestion being rejected will be posted instead.

<SuggestionEmbedMessage
  embed={<SuggestionStatusEmbed status="rejected" />}
/>

Just like with approving suggestions, you can add an optional response to the rejection and receive a DM from the bot (if applicable).

<SuggestionEmbedMessage
  embed={<SuggestionStatusEmbed status="rejected" response />}
/>

<SuggestionEmbedMessage
  embed={<SuggestionConfirmation status="rejected" />}
/>

## Suggestions Logging

When a suggestion is approved or rejected, the following information will be logged:

- the results (this is from the vote count collected via the vote buttons)
- the suggestion
- the submitter
- the staff member that approved or rejected the suggestion
- the sID
- the response (if one was given)

<SuggestionEmbedMessage
  embed={<SuggestionConfirmation status="approved" response />}
/>

If you wish to set up the suggestion logs channel, you may refer to the steps below:

1. Create a new channel and give it a name such as `suggestion-results`.
2. Add the bot to your newly created channel and give it the **Send Messages** permission.
3. Add additional permissions depending on what the bot has assigned in your server.
4. Disable **Send Messages** and **Add Reactions** for `@everyone` to only allow the bot to send messages and to prevent unnecessary message reactions.

Commit message:

:sparkles: Threads can be auto archived
- In managing suggestions, reference threads can be created automatically

docs/managing-suggestions.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 4
title: Managing Suggestions
description: Use the easy but powerful suggestion management to stay organized in your Discord.
---
import SuggestionEmbedMessage from '@site/src/components/Messages/SuggestionEmbedMessage';
import PendingSuggestion from '@site/src/components/Embeds/PendingSuggestion';
import SuggestionConfirmation from '@site/src/components/Embeds/SuggestionConfirmation';
import SuggestionStatusEmbed from '@site/src/components/Embeds/SuggestionStatusEmbed';

## Key
| Key                 | Description                                            |
|---------------------|--------------------------------------------------------|
| `< >`               | Required                                               |
| `[ ]`               | Optional                                               |

**Note:** The above placeholders are _not_ required. They are simply to show you what the required fields are. The bot will tell you what fields are required.

`|` = Means "or"
`administrator` = A user with the **Manage Server** permission

## Overview
Managing suggestions is simple. Each suggestion is assigned a **Suggestion ID** \(sID\). From there, staff members can either approve, reject, or add a note to a suggestion with the sID. The sID is located in the footer of each suggestion:

<SuggestionEmbedMessage
  embed={<PendingSuggestion />}
  message={{
    buttons: true
  }}
/>

You can also find the sID in the message the bot sends after you send a suggestion.

<SuggestionEmbedMessage
  embed={<SuggestionConfirmation status="pending" />}
/>

Alternatively, you can use the message ID of the suggestion message to manage a suggestion, especially if you're using the bot on mobile. Click [here](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/206346498-Where-can-I-find-my-User-Server-Message-ID-) to check out a tutorial on how to find a message ID.

However, you won't have to worry too much about trying to remember IDs. The bot will autocomplete the suggestion ID as you type it out!

### Suggestion Threads
If enabled, you can have the bot [automatically create threads](configuration.mdx#suggestion-thread-channels) when a new suggestion is submitted as well as have them [automatically archived](configuration.mdx#auto-archive-threads) when a suggestion is approved or rejected. View the respective configuration sections for more information.

## Slash Command Permissions

If you haven't already done so, please refer to the [Getting Started](intro.md#setting-up-the-bot) section to set up slash command permissions. By default, only administrators can manage suggestions. However, if you want other staff members to have access to these commands, please refer to the aforementioned section.

## DM Responses

DM responses are sent to the suggestion submitter based on various actions. DM responses may be toggled by running `/config dm <enable/disable>`. This means DMs to the suggestion submitter will or won't be sent via these actions based on how you configure the bot for your server:

- suggestion submitted
- suggestion approved
- suggestion rejected
- suggestion note added

By default, DM responses are enabled. This can be configured by an administrator.

Users can also individually choose if they wish to receive DM responses. This can be configured by running `/dm <enable|disable>`. This will override the server-wide setting unless the server has disabled DM responses.

## Approving Suggestions

Suggestions are approved via either the sID or message ID. Once you have it, run the command `/approve <sID|message ID>`. Afterward, series of actions will happen:

- The suggestion will update as "Approved" in the suggestions channel and its results will be logged.
- The user will receive a DM that you approved their suggestion.
- The results of that suggestion will be posted to the suggestion logs channel.
- If a response has been added via `/approve <sID|message ID> [response]`, that will be displayed in the results message.
- If the suggestion has a thread attached, it'll automatically be archived if enabled in the [configuration](configuration.mdx#auto-archive-threads).

<SuggestionEmbedMessage
  embed={<SuggestionStatusEmbed status="approved" />}
/>

An optional response may also be left on suggestions when approving:

<SuggestionEmbedMessage
  embed={<SuggestionStatusEmbed status="approved" response />}
/>

If you enabled DM responses and the user has enabled them, they will receive a DM that their suggestion has been approved.

<SuggestionEmbedMessage
  embed={<SuggestionConfirmation status="approved" />}
/>

It seems like a lot, doesn't it? It really isn't, because it all happens in the matter of seconds!

## Rejecting Suggestions

Rejecting suggestions work the same way as approving suggestions. Once you run the command `/reject <sID|message ID> [response]`, the same series of actions will happen as stated above, but information of the suggestion being rejected will be posted instead.

<SuggestionEmbedMessage
  embed={<SuggestionStatusEmbed status="rejected" />}
/>

Just like with approving suggestions, you can add an optional response to the rejection and receive a DM from the bot (if applicable).

<SuggestionEmbedMessage
  embed={<SuggestionStatusEmbed status="rejected" response />}
/>

<SuggestionEmbedMessage
  embed={<SuggestionConfirmation status="rejected" />}
/>

## Suggestions Logging

When a suggestion is approved or rejected, the following information will be logged:

- the results (this is from the vote count collected via the vote buttons)
- the suggestion
- the submitter
- the staff member that approved or rejected the suggestion
- the sID
- the response (if one was given)

<SuggestionEmbedMessage
  embed={<SuggestionConfirmation status="approved" response />}
/>

If you wish to set up the suggestion logs channel, you may refer to the steps below:

1. Create a new channel and give it a name such as `suggestion-results`.
2. Add the bot to your newly created channel and give it the **Send Messages** permission.
3. Add additional permissions depending on what the bot has assigned in your server.
4. Disable **Send Messages** and **Add Reactions** for `@everyone` to only allow the bot to send messages and to prevent unnecessary message reactions.
