docs/queue.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 8
title: Suggestion Queue
description: Learn how to utilize the suggestion queue to manage the flow of suggestions to the public.
---
import SuggestionSlashReply
  from '../src/components/Messages/SuggestionSlashReply';import QueuedSuggestionEmbedMessage from '@site/src/components/Messages/QueuedSuggestionEmbedMessage';
import SuggestionEmbedMessage from '@site/src/components/Messages/SuggestionEmbedMessage';
import QueueInfo from '@site/src/components/Embeds/QueueCommand/QueueInfo.tsx'
import QueueView from '@site/src/components/Embeds/QueueCommand/QueueView.tsx'
import QueueRejection from '@site/src/components/Embeds/QueueCommand/QueueRejection.tsx'
import QueueViewResponseMessage from '@site/src/components/Messages/QueueViewResponseMessage.tsx'

Gone are the days of constantly deleting duplicate suggestions or cleaning up thirty spam suggestions that your community despises looking at. Now comes the day when you, the server owner or administrator, can take control of what suggestions the public gets to vote on.

The suggestion queue is one of our most powerful features on the bot. By putting suggestions into a "queue" before they go to the public for voting, you can ensure that a suggestion meets your server's criteria before the public votes.

Improve the quality of your community by moderating its suggestions. Learn more about it below.

## Purpose
This feature will send all suggestions made via `/suggest` to a queue, after which a moderator for your server can approve or reject suggestions before the public views them in your suggestions channel for voting. The queue can managed and interacted with virtually or through a text channel in your server. Additionally, you may set a logs channel for rejected suggestions from the queue to be accounted for.

## Usage
To enable the suggestions queue, run `/config suggestion_queue enable`.  From here, you may manage the queue in one of two ways:
- [Virtual Queue](#virtual-queue)
- [Channel Queue](#channel-queue)

<SuggestionSlashReply command="/suggest" message="Your suggestion has been sent to the queue for processing." />

### Anonymous Suggestions
If enabled in your guild, when users submit suggestions anonymously, their user information remains anonymous during the queue process for continued privacy practices in your community.

<QueuedSuggestionEmbedMessage embed={{ anonymousAuthor: true }} />

## Queue Logs Channel
Whether you choose to set up a virtual or channel queue, you can log rejected suggestions to a set channel. The channel can be unset using the same command, disabling the logging of rejected suggestions.
- [`/config queue_logs_channel channel:<channel>`](#channel-queue) (to set the queue logs channel)
- [`/config queue_logs_channel`](#channel-queue) (to unset the queue logs channel)

## Virtual Queue
When using the virtual queue, you'll be able to interact with the queue using the following commands:

- [`/queue info`](#queue-info)
- [`/queue view`](#queue-view)

In this mode, queued suggestions do not have a channel presence. The only time suggestions are sent to a channel is when they are approved or rejected.

### Commands

#### Queue Info
The [`/queue info`](commands#queue-command) command will display the status of your server's suggestions queue.

You can check if new suggestions go to the queue and see how many are there.
<QueueInfo />

The above example displays that the server has the suggestions queue enabled and that there's currently `1` suggestion in the queue.

#### Queue View
The [`/queue view`](commands#queue-command) command will display active suggestions in the queue. You can cycle through the queue and approve/reject suggestions.
<QueueView />


Each button has a different action. You may find out what they are below. 


| Button                                                                  | Action                                          |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|
| ⬅️                                                                      | Go the previous suggestion in the queue         |
| ⏹️                                                                      | Cancel the queue                                |
| ➡️                                                                      | Go to the next suggestion in the queue          |
| <img src="/img/emojis/upvote.webp" alt="Upvote emoji" width={24} />     | Approve and forward the suggestion for voting   |
| <img src="/img/emojis/downvote.webp" alt="Downvote emoji" width={24} /> | Reject and remove the suggestion from the queue |


The first three buttons are self-explanatory. We'll talk about the last two more in-depth.

### Approving a suggestion
When you hit the green checkmark, you approve the suggestion for voting in your set suggestions channel. This action does _not_ mean that you have committed to approving the suggestion. You only approve it to be voted on.

Once approved, the suggestion is moved to a pending state, allowing your users to vote. If the suggestion gets approved in this state, the message is updated, and the bot captures the results. The same goes if the suggestion gets rejected.

Check below for example embeds on the previous actions.

<QueueViewResponseMessage status="approved" />
You'll receive this message in the channel when approving the selected queued suggestion.

### Rejecting a suggestion
When you hit the red 'x' button, you reject and remove the suggestion from the queue. When this happens, the bot will also attempt to [DM the author](configuration#dm-responses) of the suggestion about their suggestion's rejection.

Check below for example embeds on the previous actions.

<QueueViewResponseMessage status="rejected" />
You'll receive this message in the channel when rejecting the selected queued suggestion.
<br /> <br />

<SuggestionEmbedMessage
  embed={<QueueRejection />}
/>
The bot will also attempt to DM the user this message.

#### Rejection Logging
You may optionally send rejected suggestions in the suggestion queue to a separate logs channel for moderation/auditing purposes. The commands are in the [Queue Logs Channel](#queue-logs-channel) section.

As you can see above, if the suggestion wasn't submitted anonymously, you'll notice the content and the submitter's information.

## Channel Queue
When the physical queue is enabled, it works similarly to the [`/queue view`](#queue-view) command. However, each queued suggestion is posted similarly to a suggestion submitted to the virtual queue, with the difference being the buttons assigned.

<QueuedSuggestionEmbedMessage />

Each button has a different action, which functions similarly to the virtual queue.

### Approving a suggestion
Approving a suggestion in the channel queue is virtually (no pun intended) the same as approving it from the virtual queue.

### Rejecting a suggestion
Rejecting a suggestion in the channel queue is the same as rejecting a suggestion from the virtual queue. If you have the log channel enabled for rejected suggestions in the queue, rejected suggestions will be logged in the queue logs channel.

Commit message:

feat: better describe how to set up the physical queue

docs/queue.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 8
title: Suggestion Queue
description: Learn how to utilize the suggestion queue to manage the flow of suggestions to the public.
---
import SuggestionSlashReply
  from '../src/components/Messages/SuggestionSlashReply';import QueuedSuggestionEmbedMessage from '@site/src/components/Messages/QueuedSuggestionEmbedMessage';
import SuggestionEmbedMessage from '@site/src/components/Messages/SuggestionEmbedMessage';
import QueueInfo from '@site/src/components/Embeds/QueueCommand/QueueInfo.tsx'
import QueueView from '@site/src/components/Embeds/QueueCommand/QueueView.tsx'
import QueueRejection from '@site/src/components/Embeds/QueueCommand/QueueRejection.tsx'
import QueueViewResponseMessage from '@site/src/components/Messages/QueueViewResponseMessage.tsx'

Gone are the days of constantly deleting duplicate suggestions or cleaning up thirty spam suggestions that your community despises looking at. Now comes the day when you, the server owner or administrator, can take control of what suggestions the public gets to vote on.

The suggestion queue is one of our most powerful features on the bot. By putting suggestions into a "queue" before they go to the public for voting, you can ensure that a suggestion meets your server's criteria before the public votes.

Improve the quality of your community by moderating its suggestions. Learn more about it below.

## Purpose
This feature will send all suggestions made via `/suggest` to a queue, after which a moderator for your server can approve or reject suggestions before the public views them in your suggestions channel for voting. The queue can managed and interacted with virtually or through a text channel in your server. Additionally, you may set a logs channel for rejected suggestions from the queue to be accounted for.

## Usage
To enable the suggestions queue, run `/config suggestion_queue enable`.  From here, you may manage the queue in one of two ways:
- [Virtual Queue](#virtual-queue)
- [Channel Queue](#channel-queue)

<SuggestionSlashReply command="/suggest" message="Your suggestion has been sent to the queue for processing." />

### Anonymous Suggestions
If enabled in your guild, when users submit suggestions anonymously, their user information remains anonymous during the queue process for continued privacy practices in your community.

<QueuedSuggestionEmbedMessage embed={{ anonymousAuthor: true }} />

## Virtual Queue
When using the virtual queue, you'll be able to interact with the queue using the following commands:

- [`/queue info`](#queue-info)
- [`/queue view`](#queue-view)

In this mode, queued suggestions do not have a channel presence. The only time suggestions are sent to a channel is when they are approved or rejected.

## Physical Queue

In order to enable the physical queue, run the following commands:
- [`/config queue_channel channel:<channel>`](#channel-queue) (to set the channel suggestions are sent to)
- `/config use_channel_queue enable` (to enable to the use of the physical queue)

## Queue Logs Channel
Whether you choose to set up a virtual or channel queue, you can log rejected suggestions to a set channel. The channel can be unset using the same command, disabling the logging of rejected suggestions.
- [`/config queue_logs_channel channel:<channel>`](#channel-queue) (to set the queue logs channel)
- [`/config queue_logs_channel`](#channel-queue) (to unset the queue logs channel)


### Commands

#### Queue Info
The [`/queue info`](commands#queue-command) command will display the status of your server's suggestions queue.

You can check if new suggestions go to the queue and see how many are there.
<QueueInfo />

The above example displays that the server has the suggestions queue enabled and that there's currently `1` suggestion in the queue.

#### Queue View
The [`/queue view`](commands#queue-command) command will display active suggestions in the queue. You can cycle through the queue and approve/reject suggestions.
<QueueView />


Each button has a different action. You may find out what they are below. 


| Button                                                                  | Action                                          |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|
| ⬅️                                                                      | Go the previous suggestion in the queue         |
| ⏹️                                                                      | Cancel the queue                                |
| ➡️                                                                      | Go to the next suggestion in the queue          |
| <img src="/img/emojis/upvote.webp" alt="Upvote emoji" width={24} />     | Approve and forward the suggestion for voting   |
| <img src="/img/emojis/downvote.webp" alt="Downvote emoji" width={24} /> | Reject and remove the suggestion from the queue |


The first three buttons are self-explanatory. We'll talk about the last two more in-depth.

### Approving a suggestion
When you hit the green checkmark, you approve the suggestion for voting in your set suggestions channel. This action does _not_ mean that you have committed to approving the suggestion. You only approve it to be voted on.

Once approved, the suggestion is moved to a pending state, allowing your users to vote. If the suggestion gets approved in this state, the message is updated, and the bot captures the results. The same goes if the suggestion gets rejected.

Check below for example embeds on the previous actions.

<QueueViewResponseMessage status="approved" />
You'll receive this message in the channel when approving the selected queued suggestion.

### Rejecting a suggestion
When you hit the red 'x' button, you reject and remove the suggestion from the queue. When this happens, the bot will also attempt to [DM the author](configuration#dm-responses) of the suggestion about their suggestion's rejection.

Check below for example embeds on the previous actions.

<QueueViewResponseMessage status="rejected" />
You'll receive this message in the channel when rejecting the selected queued suggestion.
<br /> <br />

<SuggestionEmbedMessage
  embed={<QueueRejection />}
/>
The bot will also attempt to DM the user this message.

#### Rejection Logging
You may optionally send rejected suggestions in the suggestion queue to a separate logs channel for moderation/auditing purposes. The commands are in the [Queue Logs Channel](#queue-logs-channel) section.

As you can see above, if the suggestion wasn't submitted anonymously, you'll notice the content and the submitter's information.

## Channel Queue
When the physical queue is enabled, it works similarly to the [`/queue view`](#queue-view) command. However, each queued suggestion is posted similarly to a suggestion submitted to the virtual queue, with the difference being the buttons assigned.

<QueuedSuggestionEmbedMessage />

Each button has a different action, which functions similarly to the virtual queue.

### Approving a suggestion
Approving a suggestion in the channel queue is virtually (no pun intended) the same as approving it from the virtual queue.

### Rejecting a suggestion
Rejecting a suggestion in the channel queue is the same as rejecting a suggestion from the virtual queue. If you have the log channel enabled for rejected suggestions in the queue, rejected suggestions will be logged in the queue logs channel.
